[Merged by Bors] - add a post-processing example (#4797)
bevyengine/bevy: examples/README.md

`animate_shader` | [`shader/animate_shader.rs`](./shader/animate_shader.rs) | A shader that uses dynamic data like the time since startup.
`compute_shader_game_of_life` | [`shader/compute_shader_game_of_life.rs`](./shader/compute_shader_game_of_life.rs) | A compute shader that simulates Conway's Game of Life.
`custom_vertex_attribute` | [`shader/custom_vertex_attribute.rs`](./shader/custom_vertex_attribute.rs) | A shader that reads a mesh's custom vertex attribute.

> `post_processing` | [`shader/post_processing.rs`](./shader/post_processing.rs) | A custom post processing effect, using two camera, with one reusing the rendertexture of the first one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`post_processing` | [`shader/post_processing.rs`](./shader/post_processing.rs) | A custom post processing effect, using two cameras, with one reusing the render texture of the first one.
```
